Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Bar baby!
Yeah, I heard she
was born in a bar.
You could shake your knuckles at the sky.
You could get mad and say,
"I don't got nothing."
You could get stuck.
Happy birthday, baby!
Oh! This one's from me.
This one,
I don't know.
I think this is
from your uncle.
Cute!
Whoa, hey, a pistol for a pistol.
Luli.
All right, folks,
these drinks
aren't going to
drink themselves.
This is a party.
Luli, you're doomed.
You know that?
I mean, just look at him.
You know why
you keep losing?
'Cause you're
a big fucking loser!
You motherless fuck!
You're not going anywhere
like that, you son of a bitch!
Luli, get in the car.
Luli!
Just get in the car.
Luli, no, no!
No, you are not
killing my daughter,
not on her birthday,
goddamn it!
No, we're not
going to do it.
Don't know how to show his
love and I'm sorry for that.
I should have
never married him!
I should have never
married him.
Luli, listen to me!
Let's go!
I'm sorry!
Oh, God.
Please, baby, believe me.
You fucking ass.
Hey, hey, what the fuck
is wrong with you?
Come here. Get off her, Tammy.
Come on, Luli.
I'll take you home.
Jesus Christ.
Sorry about that!
Oh, please.
It's none of your
business, Ray!
Shut up, Tammy.
Ray, Sorry, man.
Goddamn, Nick.
Like the
truck, though.
Yeah, yeah.
Ray!
Now, I know what
you're thinking.
Did you fire six
shots or five?
Now ask yourself,
do I feel lucky?
Well, do you, punk?
Pow, pow, pow,
pow, pow, pow.
Oh...
Get down.
Okay.
Do you always carry
a gun like that?
That's not a gun. It's a .45,
Smith & Wesson.
Well, maybe you could
give your mom my card.
Let her know
I dropped by.
Who are you, mister?
I'm sorry.
I should introduce myself.
I'm Lux Feld.
I'm in investments.
Investments?
Yeah, you know, land,
property, stuff like that.
Well, Lux Feld, you always
break into people's houses
at 8:00
in the morning?
No, you're door--
Screen door was open and
there was no doorbell, so--
Do you think I'm pretty?
Excuse me?
Like if you saw me on
the street or something,
would you want
to kiss me?
I don't think
I'm supposed to--
No, I'm not. I'm-- Okay.
Luli, what in the hell is--
Oh, Mr. Feld.
Wow, you're here
at 7:00 a.m.
It's actually 8:00,
Mrs. Cutter.
Luli, you are such
a card with that gun.
It's not a gun.
It's a .45.
Well, put it down.
Smith & Wesson.
It's a Smith
& Wesson .45.
Are you afraid of the dark at all?
What are you implying?
Well, I mean,
you know,
the woods can be a
little dark at night.
Oh, no!
Here it is. Yeah.
Oh, my!
Yeah, it's a Cadillac.
This is from all those
houses you buy and sell?
Hell, when I do well
(Unclear).
Ready?
You ready?
Yeah.
Let's go.
Where she at?
Hm?
Your mother.
She left.
With who?
Somebody.
Somebody who?
Some guy.
Got a bigger car.
His name is Lux.
Mm.
Oh, now....
It's funny, you know,
in this light,
you look just like your
mother when I first met her,
just blonde and pretty.
Let me tell
you something.
Just stay sweet.
Did you know I have a baby brother?
It's good my mama
had a baby-blue dress
that didn't come
down far enough.
And my dad liked her
in that dress.
And well,
next thing you know,
she looked like she
swallowed a basketball.
And even though
I was only seven
and didn't know
why my mama
swallowed
a basketball
or how that made
a baby brother,
well, I couldn't
help but smile
when I saw my daddy
float through that door.
And they had a Sunday with
everyone coming over
and bringing gifts
and a little baby crib.
'Cause it was like all
the "Hi, how are yous"
and "Well, hello, sunshines"
in the county
had decided to march
down that there dirt road
in the light just this
once around my mama,
sitting proud and pretty
in that little blue dress
that started it all.
Ooh, can't you feel
the breeze from the subway?
Isn't it delicious?
Help me,
Obi-Wan Kenobi.
You're my only hope.
I am big.
It's the pictures
that got small.
Life, love, luck.
Las Vegas!
High rollers.
Big money.
Beautiful girls.
Come to Las Vegas,
America's desert
playground.
This house is just a pig fuck.
Say, that's not yours, see?
You ain't got
no right, see?
Well, then, now, pilgrim,
like you got
yourself a choice.
You can either be one of
the men in black,
or one of the
ones in white.
Think fast there,
pilgrim.
So long, suckers.
Where are you headed?
Las Vegas.
Aren't you
a little bit young?
Maybe say innocent, to travel
to Las Vegas all by yourself?
No.
What about you, mister?
Where are you headed?
My name's not mister.
It's Eddie.
Eddie.
So you some kind
of runaway?
No, my dad
left me.
Really?
Yeah, and then
my mama died.
And then I was
raised by nuns.
And they left me, so I'm
just stuck on this road.
All right, so what's
your dad look like?
Maybe I've seen him.
You?
Oh, my Lord, what in the world
is in store for me here?
You're gonna sit there and
laugh at yourself all day
or are you gonna
let me in?
Don't just stand there.
Get in if you want.
Two folks heading west,
they ought to help
each other out, right?
Come on, now.
I ain't got all day.
You mind if I
ask you something?
Shoot.
Why you got
that limp?
I used to buck
broncos for the rodeo.
Started just as a
buckaroo but, you know,
ranch work and putting down
horses, that ain't for me.
Are you hungry?
We can stop and get a ruby.
You ever had a ruby?
No.
You should.
They say it's the
celebrity of sandwiches.
You can be a celebrity.
I think we
can both agree
you cannot be the
celebrity of sandwiches.
You mind not looking over
here for a little while?
That don't match.
What?
Well, it don't match
unless you're a hooker.
Oh, so now
I'm a hooker?
Well, darn you're
too ripe is all.
Excuse me?
I said you're too ripe
and your mouth is too big.
Well, like it's
to big in general
or like I talk too much?
Well, both.
Yeah, well, what do
you know anyways?
Gimp.
Now, you
listen to me.
If you ever, ever
call me that again,
I will throw you straight
through this windshield
and then I will run
you over after that.
Understood?
Go on, say it.
Say it.
Say the word.
Let me out.
The door's right there.
Feel free to use it.
Gimp.
Gimp!
Jesus, Lady!
Lord!
You almost pissed
on my head.
Holy fucker, kid.
You know you can give
someone a heart attack
yelping out from
a ditch like that.
Wait. How do you pee
standing up like that?
I mean, don't you have
to squat a little?
I always gotta
squat a little.
Nah, not if
you're smart.
You just find where
the hill goes down,
move your feet out
the way and shoot.
So you gonna tell me what
you're doing out here or what?
We got in a fight.
Oh, boyfriend.
Nah, no, no, just some guy
who fell in love with me.
That so?
Yeah. Yeah, and then he
freaked out on me.
So I looked him straight in the
eye and I said, "Let me out."
Yeah, you know,
he tried to make me stay.
He begged me, actually.
But no. No, ma'am.
I just left him there
in the middle of nowhere.
Well, kid, good luck.
Stay straight.
See you around.
No, no, no.
Wait, wait, wait.
Listen, lady.
What do you want?
I could really use
a ride right now.
That guy would kill me.
Where are you headed?
Las Vegas.
Well, I ain't.
If you think I'm
giving any handouts,
you've got
another thing coming.
Come on,
get in the car.
No, no, no, no, no.
Yeah, yeah, no handouts.
I got plenty of money.
No, no, no. That's the
last thing I worry about.
Look, kid, you can't
just go around
telling people
stuff like that.
Like what?
Like about money,
and having plenty of it.
That just marks
you right there.
You hear me?
Yeah.
Good, I'm not looking
for an amateur.
What's your name, kid?
Luli.
Luli?
Oh, what kind
of a name is that?
Poor thing.
Well, I'll tell you what
kind of a name it is.
It's a strange name.
And I'd be willing to bet
you're a strange kid, huh?
Well, what's your name?
Glenda.
That's a name, huh?
I know it's
real pretty.
I always liked it.
Where are you
from anyway?
Um...
(French accent):
Um, Paris.
Um, what?
(Normal voice):
Paris.
You are such
a funny little thing.
Oh, man.
Okay, tell me about
this old junior you ditched.
What did he look like?
Was he easy on
the eyes at least?
Like a real
gunslinger type.
Even had a limp.
Listen, kid, I don't have
time to draw you a map,
but there's a reason
mamas tell their babies
to stay away from
guys like that.
Like, you don't know
the first thing.
How old are you?
Thirteen.
Go on.
Go on. You wanna
try it, don't you?
Figure sooner or later, you're
gonna be doing this anyways,
but it's gonna be
with some skinny fuck
giving it to you,
calling it love.
So this way you know.
So what's your
daddy look like?
Maybe I've seen him.
Amen.
Come on. Get your
tail over here.
What? What?
Are you a wily kid?
Am I what?
Wily, do I need
to buy you a dictionary?
Street smart!
Um, yeah, sure.
I guess so, yeah.
Oh, can you fucking block
the wind for me please?
Oh, thank you.
Glenda, do you
go to church?
Church is for
brunettes.
Okay, here's what
I want you to do.
Um...
you got any
Hubba Bubba, mister?
Sure thing, pumpkin,
right over here.
There you go, sweetie.
Glenda!
It's not exactly what
I had in mind, kid.
Get him off me! Get him off me!
Get him off me! Oh!
Oh, shit.
Shit!
Is he dead?
Fuck, I don't know.
Where were you going with
that stupid plan, anyway?
I saw it in a movie.
Come on.
Maybe we should call
someone or something.
Shut up.
But, Glenda, we can't
just leave him there.
Oh, you better
believe we can.
No, we can't.
Amateur.
Listen to me!
What looks weirder?
Two girls call an ambulance
for some old dead guy
and maybe down the road
they figure out some
money's missing?
Or there's some dead guy
lying on the floor,
no one's inside and all
the fucking money is gone?
Oh, never mind.
Glenda, listen to me!
What do you care?
Well, I gotta live
with myself.
I'm so worried my baby will be traumatized for life.
We got the best ER in the state.
That's good because we loved
that old man so much.
Let's go.
Bye, thank you.
I mean, is that
my fault, you know?
He probably just got
like a temporary stroke
or something, right?
He's gonna be fine in like an
hour or so, something like that.
He'll be fine.
Oh, come on.
You heard the man.
Kimball has got the
best ER in the state.
Hell, I even
heard of it.
I think that that may
be the most famous
medical establishment
in the world.
There, I said it.
You wanna pray?
Are you fucking
kidding me?
Hey, watch your
language, kid.
Come on, give
me your hand.
I can't leave my eyes closed
too long while I'm driving.
Dear God, don't let
that old man die yet.
Best wishes, Glenda.
Amen.
Glenda, you got any
more of that stuff?
No kid, fresh out.
All right, I'm gonna let
you in on a little secret.
Are you listening?
Yeah.
There's a little
trick you can do
when you start doing what
you're doing right now,
which is dwelling.
I see it.
You're dwelling,
sweetheart.
You're playing the same song
over and over again on repeat.
Am I right?
Yeah.
Okay, now what
I want you to do
is I want you put a quarter
in that there jukebox
and change the record.
You just change
that record.
Do a different song.
See?
And play something
bright, please.
We're here to celebrate.
Go on.
Put your face on.
You like whiskey?
No.
What are you,
some kind of communist?
Speaking of which,
now that you got some money,
you're gonna have
people on your ass
hounding you,
trying to get it out of you.
A fool and his money
is easy to part
so you gotta learn how to--
Am I boring you?
No.
Go on.
You should be writing
this shit down.
I'm giving you gold.
I'm like fucking
Gandhi over here.
Better fix that B
before people start
calling you Lane's Lanes.
They already do.
Hi, sweetheart.
This here's Luli.
Name is Blane.
Pleased to meet you.
You just gonna stay in here all
day and shake hands,
make small talk or are
you gonna make us a drink?
Thank you.
Hey, Angel.
Oh, little spud, I can't even
get a smile out of you?
I got a present
for you.
Luli, go to the car
and get that you-know-what.
Cover your eyes.
You're just a saint.
Do you like that drink?
I'm drinking it,
ain't I?
Well, well, look.
That sure
is graceful.
You stalking me?
No, come on.
Two folks heading west
are bound to cross paths.
You don't like it,
you get off I-80.
You know, maybe you ought
to mind the company you keep.
Yeah, well, maybe you ought to
mind your own business, cowboy.
You know what I think?
I think me and you, we might
have got off on the wrong foot.
Nighty night.
Don't you let
the bed bugs bite.
Get out of the way!
What's wrong with you?
Come on, Angel.
Come on.
Angel...
it's gonna be okay.
Okay, look, why bring that bunny
all the way from Memphis
and take off like
the place has herpes?
Traffic.
Tell me the truth kid.
Am I gonna see you on the back
of one of them milk cartons?
No.
Because I'm not looking
for no kind of trouble.
Not like I kidnapped you
against your will,
making you do some
fucking childhood slavery
or some Geraldo shit.
Why would I lie to you?
I helped you rob a
convenience store, Glenda.
All right.
See this place?
Look at it.
Maybe God and all the angels took note
of that blue dress too.
Because when that baby came out
the color of moonlight,
we all knew
something was wrong.
And he was a boy,
all right.
But he wasn't
the kind of boy
you could take out front
and play ball
with, no, sir.
He was just
poor in the colour,
coming off the moon.
You see, it's one thing
to pretend you're James Dean
and tip your hat before riding
off into the setting sun,
but not being able to scrape two
dimes together
makes it so your baby boy
born the colour
of moonlight
he has to stay in
that 10-cup incubator.
Then there's nothing
so glamorous
about that, now,
is there?
Rise and shine,
sugar tits.
Okay.
Don't fuck
this up, kid.
Hey, I mean, it.
What the hell, Glenda?
Hey, there, moonbeam.
Hey, baby doll.
What do we have here?
This here is Luli.
Luli.
You sure got a
nice house, mister.
Oh, mister, hell.
Call me Lloyd.
That's my name.
Don't need to stand on ceremony
so you all come on in here.
Fix that rat's nest.
Ha-ha!
Well, go on in.
Come on.
Whoa, you're a day
late sugar britches.
Oh, baby cakes,
you know who that damn car is.
You know, I just about had
it with that damn car.
I'm serious
as a heart attack.
I'm-- Oh, don't look!
Don't look!
Turn around!
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God, baby.
I finally finished it.
You are going
to shit a brick.
Mr. Lloyd, mind if I talk
to Glenda for a minute?
Oh, sure, baby,
go ahead.
Just us two girls.
Oh, lady talk.
I understand.
I'll make you
a Shirley Temple.
Glenda, he's here.
Who's here?
It's him, the gimp.
Oh, yeah, that's what I'm talking about.
He's definitely following
me, don't you think?
No, he ain't, kid.
He's following me.
What?
Has been my whole life
(Unclear).
Drinks, ladies.
What, he's like your
ex-boyfriend or something?
Come on.
Who gets what?
Oh, you get the
Shirley Temple.
All right, now a toast
to my pride and joy.
I call it Lloyd's Lagoon.
What do you think, honey?
Oh, I think you sure
did it, honey buns.
You know what?
It's the little things
like this that make me giddy.
Oh, ain't that
the truth?
Oh, shit,
I almost forgot.
This here is Eddie.
He's the best.
Works like a Mexican
but speaks American.
Nice to meet you, Eddie.
It sure is nice
to meet you too.
I've heard such wonderful things
about you from your husband.
Whoa, whoa, now, let's not give
the little lady a big ego.
Not that that's
possible.
Oh, stop.
Besides, Eddie,
I'm thinking about bumping
you up to my #1 man.
How about that?
What about Luis?
Oh, shit,
no tengo green card.
Luli, put your
drink down.
Let's dance
to this song.
Come on.
That's pretty good.
Hey, how about
I have this dance now?
Never knew you like
dancing so much.
Ah!
Seriously, Lu,
be honest.
What do you think
of that bar?
Just know-- Know that
I went to every garage sale
between here and Elko
looking for these
car tags.
You sure are cute.
Come on, baby.
Let's go outside.
You sure are cute too.
Come on, let's go.
What the fuck?
What the fuck is that?
Eddie, I'm gonna
ask you a question.
What the fuck
is that?
That's a bottle
of soda.
Ding, ding, ding,
ding, ding!
That's right.
That's right, genius.
It is a bottle
of soda.
But what kind?
What kind of soda
is it, Einstein?
Squirt.
What?
What was that?
It's Squirt.
It's a bottle of squirt.
Right you are.
That is a bottle
of Squirt.
But have you ever heard of
a drink called 7 and Squirt?
Have you?
I mean, have you ever
in your whole life
heard somebody saddle up to a
bar like this
and say, "Hey, mister.
Can I have a 7
and Squirt?"
No.
No, what?
No, sir.
Goddamn it!
What the fuck is
going on in here?
I think it best you to
apologize to the wife here
for trying to skimp
on the 7-Up.
Baby, it don't matter.
It does to me.
I'm teaching
a lesson here.
Now get your ass up to
the front of the bar.
Look this lady
right in the eye.
Now repeat after me.
Glenda, I am so sorry.
When I am asked to stock
the bar, I will never,
ever skimp on
the 7-Up again.
Scout's honour.
Glenda, I am so sorry.
I promise I will never,
ever skimp on the 7-Up again.
Scout's honour.
It was good.
Great, perfect even.
Now why don't
you just gimp
your way on over there
to the kitchen
and get us some
7-Up there, cowboy.
All right, that was
out of control.
But that poor
bastard's so dumb,
he couldn't pour
whiskey out of a boot
with directions
on the heel.
You see, Luli,
you gotta train them.
You really do.
Am I right, Glenda?
Yes, sir.
You gotta break them.
Just like old wild buck.
Just gotta teach him
a lesson or two,
and he'll be fine.
Fucking drink's warm.
Some ice.
Then you stir it.
Ooh.
Hah.
That's a fucking
drink!
Oh!
Now that,
that's a drink.
That's a drink.
Come on.
Luli, I want to
show you something
that will knock your
socks off, little girl.
Paradise, Garden of Eden.
I designed them.
I'm building them.
All the pool, bar,
water features.
Can I use your
phone for a second?
Sure thing, honeybee.
In the kitchen.
No long distance, honey.
Now what's your acquaintance
with my friend in there?
Which one?
You know which one.
You want the truth?
No, please lie
to me, Eddie.
Eddie, you know, maybe
what I said to you
in the truck
wasn't so nice.
Come on, that's water
under the bridge now.
It's water under
the bridge.
Now I got to head into town and
run some errands and, Glenda,
she wants you
to go with me.
So they
can-- Luli, I don't want--
They can--
You know, sexy time.
Come on.
I'm willing to bet
you you've never seen
anything like
the town of Wyatt.
You know they got the world's
largest ball of barbed wire?
It's true.
It's fucking huge.
Sometimes they even
got famous people.
That's what they tell me.
Come on, Luli.
Maybe if I leave a note.
Well, you stay put.
Wait, you stay here.
I won't be long.
You wait here.
I warned you, boy.
Ooh.
You're up.
Here it goes.
Buy you a drink?
I'll tell you what though,
the ball and chain's
not going to be happy.
Say double the stakes?
You think I just fell
off the couch?
No, I ain't hustling.
I'm just rusty.
Come on, a gentleman ought to
give me the chance to recoup.
All right.
I knew it. Fucking--
Just shaking off
the rust.
Hey, you lost or something,
little girl?
I thought I told you
to wait in the truck.
Hey, mister,
she can't be in here.
How about we go back
to Lloyd's, huh?
Who, Lloyd Nash?
Yeah, that's right.
Lloyd Nash.
You two friends with him?
Yeah, yeah,
you know, Eddie here,
he's Lloyd's
right-hand man.
That so?
Sure.
Hey, any friend of Lloyd's
is a friend of mine.
Thank you.
Hah, what
do you know?
Girl's my little
pot of gold.
Hot damn!
Shuffle on over here
and pay piper 200 smackers.
As a gentlemen, I gave
you a chance to recoup,
but I ain't convinced
you got the pockets
to pay what you
owe, cowboy.
You like Stetsons?
No, no.
Get the fuck off me.
Get off me.
Get off of me!
Stop it! No!
Get the fuck off me!
Eddie, you motherfucker!
Did you whistle?
You whistle
while you work?
while you work.
Then what the fuck are you,
the fucking pied piper?
Get off me!
Watch it!
Eddie!
Plea-- Please.
Gotta mention the fact that you fucked up my money shot
with your grand
fucking entrance.
That whole thing
was your fault.
That don't give
you the right
to sell me off like
some two-bit hooker.
You think I
sold you off?
"Welcher"!
You remember that?
You were telling him you saw him
walk into that ladies' room
after me, and you waited
all that time for what?
Shut up!
What?
Just for fun?
Maybe I didn't
see him go in.
I did not see
him go in.
Did you ever
think of that?
Bullshit.
"Didn't see him."
I mean, you must have me
confused with some Okie
if you think I'm going
to buy that song and dance.
A lot of nice people
from Oklahoma, Lu.
What?
I said there a lot of nice
people from Oklahoma
who probably
wouldn't like it
if they
heard you say
what you just said
about being an Okie.
Eddie, you just threw
me in a bathroom
with some
gap-toothed retard,
and you're trying to talk
to me about manners?
Listen to me,
retard-- Retard--
Retard is also not a very nice
thing to call someone.
You're crazy.
You're fucking crazy.
You're a psychopath.
Look, did you ever stop
to think that maybe
you don't know everything?
Now, did you ever
stop to think
that maybe someone
twice your age
might maybe know
a little bit more
about getting out
of a tight spot, huh? Do you?
Yeah, well, I know enough
to know that Okie retard
had ample enough time in that
bathroom with little old me
before your
ass showed up.
You disappoint me, Luli.
I disappoint you?
I disapp--
Why do I disappoint you?
Because if I sold you
off to pay some debt,
why would I bother
to save you?
Next time you stick
in the fucking truck.
Do you want
some ice cream?
Oh, so I'm supposed to melt in
your hand for some ice cream?
All right, okay,
here we go.
Look, I don't want
any ice cream.
I don't like it.
Come on, Luli.
Come on, everybody
likes ice cream.
No, they don't.
I don't.
Ergo, not everybody
likes ice cream.
Ergo?
Yeah, as in,
therefore, hence.
Well, you must be smart.
Smart and pretty, that right
there is a deadly combination.
You-- You think
I'm pretty?
Do I think you're what?
Prett--
You heard me.
I guess.
Well, do you
or don't you?
I think if it weren't for
that horrible mouth of yours,
then some people,
not me of course,
but I think some
people might find you
somewhat kind
of attractive.
In a furry little
animal sort of way.
Well, do you want some
ice cream or what?
No.
No, you don't.
Neither do I.
Let's get out of here.
Be two seconds.
Look, maybe we
should head back.
I don't--
This will be real quick.
You coming?
No.
Come on, I got some
friends I want you to meet.
What do you care?
See, that's--
That's just great.
So I tell you to wait in
the truck; you come inside.
And I tell you to come inside;
you wait in the truck.
Well, you know,
I might as well--
I should just tell
you the opposite.
So please, all right,
pretty please, please,
please,
wait in the truck.
I'm begging you!
All right.
Wait, you sure
you're not a mule?
You sure?
Hey, ladies.
Well, hi there.
Come on, now, I told
you I had errands.
Keep driving.
All right.
I just thought you might want
to know that Glenda called.
She's waiting for us at
Devil's Slide, Motel 6.
Motel 6? Right.
Some kind of
scrape with Lloyd.
Said something
about she owed you.
Besides, I got
you something.
Come on, it's for you.
Come on, Luli.
You don't like it?
It's pink.
Ugh!
Come on.
Come on!
For future reference, pink
is my worst favourite colour.
That don't make sense.
Excuse me?
"Worst favourite,"
don't make sense.
Yeah, you know, if I hear
one more word out of you
from here to the Motel 6,
I'm getting out.
Understood?
You know what?
Hm?
I think you like me.
Okay.
Hey, look at me.
I think that you find
me worthy of note.
Worthy of note?
You find me exciting,
don't you?
I excite you.
You're a special one.
You know that, Eddie?
Special.
That's all they had.
So don't complain.
Come on in.
Where's Glenda?
She's here
somewhere.
Why don't you try
on your new dress?
Well, little lady,
I gave it to you.
I bet you'd look
real pretty there.
You could be
a movie star.
Come on.
Put it on.
Okay.
Hey, Eddie.
Eddie, remember how you
said Glenda called?
What?
Eddie.
Eddie, when did
Glenda call?
Look at you.
Eddie, when did
Glenda call?
Look at you all
grown up there.
Luli--
There's something
I need to talk to you about.
About me and Glenda.
We had a talk.
She said that she
couldn't keep you around
because of Lloyd and all
and that she wanted me
to take you off her hands.
Sorry.
No.
No, you see,
Glenda wouldn't do that.
Oh, yes, she would.
Yes, she would
and she did.
She even gave me a grand
to watch out for you.
And she said
that she felt bad
but she wanted me
to take care of you.
And make sure you stay
out of trouble.
Now, I don't mean to burst
your bubble or anything,
but she gave me
the money
and she said that
she'd be here,
and, well, she ain't.
Glenda's a grifter,
darling.
And once a grifter,
always a grifter.
What?
I need to get
some ice.
You think that she
loves that rich prick?
Let me go.
No, no, princess.
Careful. That thing
might swallow you up.
What's your name?
My-- My name's Luli.
Hey, hey, hey, hey,
you going to ask my name?
Okay, well,
I'll tell you anyway.
My name is Clement.
Yeah,
it's a family name.
Yeah, well, listen.
It was nice meeting you.
Have you ever heard
of the category game?
No.
This game we like to play
with cards, just face cards.
Why is it called
the category game?
Because every time
you flip a jack,
you have to think
of a category.
What kind?
Could be anything, man.
You know, like things you would
find in a hardware store
or fake rock bands
in alphabetical order.
Then you keep going
around until someone
gives up or
someone repeats.
Then they have to drink.
Yeah, listen,
I gotta make a call,
and you see, I don't
feel like going back
to my room to get
a quarter.
Okay.
I'll tell you what.
I will give you one shiny
quarter just for playing.
I got quarters.
I got crazy
quarters.
Yeah?
Yeah? Yeah?
Let's go.
What?
All right. All right.
Let's play.
King, guy drinks.
Queen, girl drinks.
Queen, yeah, you drink.
Jack, category.
Category is what's
a good category?
Cereal.
That's a good category.
What's your
favourite cereal?
Do I lose a turn?
Mm-hm.
Cap'n Crunch.
Nice.
You start.
You go ahead.
Okay.
Movies?
Have you seen
Deliverance?
Okay.
Burt Reynolds,
you know, with the arrow.
It's great.
Jon Voight has a purdy mouth.
Yeah, Burt Reynolds
was a little late
in saving them because Ned
Beatty already found them.
Yeah. That's me again.
(Laughing)
Mm.
Ah!
Category.
What about girls whose
hearts you've broken?
Oh, curveball.
I'm going all night.
Number one?
Number one? Hm, is there
something like cooler
like Star Wars
characters or--
Chewbacca!
Ahem. Oh, I have to drink.
Category, things you would
find in a hardware store.
Anvil.
Hey, it's time to go.
I'm really sorry, sir.
I'm Clement.
Eddie, come on.
Hi, Clement.
Oh, she don't like
you that much.
Come on, Luli.
Come on. What?
What, Luli?
The cheapest motherfuckers
in the world, rich people.
You know, the rich get richer
and the poor get the picture.
You get it straight.
Now, that rich fuck,
he don't deserve you.
He just wants one thing.
But you know that, right?
Who does deserve me?
You?
Maybe we deserve
each other, Luli.
Did you ever think that
maybe we're some kind
of like star-crossed
souls destined--?
Do you?
Do you ever
think of that?
You and me?
Are you serious?
Yeah, I'm serious.
No, I'm fucking--
Luli, what if
I was serious?
I need you
to pull over.
I need you to pull
over the car.
So you can run on back
to your rich friend?
Okay.
Okay, I need you
to listen to me.
If you ever think
I'm ever going
to fall in love
with a going-nowhere-fast...
shit-faced
cripple like you...
that's never going
to happen, Eddie.
Pull over the car.
Stay, Luli.
Luli, stay with me.
I can't.
I'm sorry.
Please stay.
Things you could find in a hardware store.
A, Ajax.
B, buzz saw.
C, crate.
D, dust mop.
E, electrical tape.
F, flooring.
G, grout.
H, hardware.
J, jackknife.
K, Krazy Glue.
N, nail.
O, oil.
R, rope (Unclear),
ratchet.
S, soap.
Help!
Help me!
What the fuck?
I got you flowers.
You like your
new haircut?
What about the colour?
You like the colour?
Well, I think you
look real pretty.
Now, I know what you
must be thinking.
What happened back there,
that wasn't right.
See, that wasn't right
and I know it.
Now, I promise
as God is my witness
that that will
never happen again.
Besides,
I think that--
I think you're
an angel.
I think you were sent to be mine
and make things better.
I think you were put on this
earth to save me, Luli.
Like that Bonnie
and I'm Clyde.
And to show you that I
mean business, which I do,
I'm going to
untie you right now.
I will never--
I'm not going to do that again.
I'm not going to tie
you up again, all right?
Look at me?
I will never tie
you up again.
Except when I'm gone.
I'm going to take
care of you forever.
You don't ever have to worry
about anything again.
Do you hear me?
I will take
care of you.
Here, I got you something.
I got you--
I made this for you.
I went into the town
and I made this for you.
Do you like it?
It says "hot stuff."
Sure.
I'm glad because I've
been waiting to give that
to you all day.
I was nervous.
Well, hi there, Beau.
I thought you'd
be in Reno.
Headed there.
May I come in?
Yeah.
How's Carl?
Well, he's getting a little
long in the tooth.
Hello. So it's just
a matter of time.
How long you
plan on staying?
Oh, it could be
some time now, Beau. Why?
Well, we going to get busy.
We may need the room.
You understand.
Seeing as I'm a long-time
customer and all,
I figure I'm entitled
to stay as long as I want.
Suit yourself.
So are those your
pamphlets , mister?
Yes, I believe they are.
You kill your
own chickens?
Affirmative.
Don't you feel
sorry for them?
Negative.
Do you name them
before you kill them?
Nope, I name them
after I kill them.
Yeah, lunch and dinner.
Yeah, yeah.
You take care
of yourself now.
See you, Beau.
Beau fucking Hopkins,
Beau fucking Hopkins.
Shit, shit.
Dammit, fuck,
shit, Luli!
Eddie, where are we?
Where are we?
We're in the Wild
fucking West, darling.
Did you try to sell me off?
That, you just talking about
chickens, what--?
I trust you.
Yeah.
Then we all waited
while my baby brother stayed
right there in that incubator
for three whole days
before deciding
that, you know,
maybe this wasn't the place
for him after all.
And there goes my
baby blue brother,
somewhere into
that night sky.
And I wonder if I'll ever
get to see him someday.
And I would have played
whatever silly
little dumb game
he had in mind, really.
Sometimes I wonder what he
would have looked like by now.
I wonder what it
would have been like
to just float up off
this planet with him.
Maybe we can just
find our own planet.
Make it with just kings
and cowboys and castles.
Make it a planet
with just pirates
or train heists
and dragons.
And we'd say,
"Walk the plank, matey."
Or crack that
there safe.
And make it snappy."
And I'd slay any dragon
any day of the week
for my little
kid brother.
Nothing would
have made me happier.
This is how he
made me, right here.
I was your age.
Must have been
a spitting image.
But I thought
I wanted to be here,
because we were
in love.
I'm sorry, Luli.
Stop.
Let me help.
Hey, I know, Luli.
I used to think I
couldn't live without him.
I used to think
I couldn't eat...
or sleep or breathe.
You know that
boy you met, Angel?
That's my baby.
He's mine and Eddie's.
And I knew
when I had him
I had to get away,
because I didn't know
what Eddie would do to him.
And so everything I've
done has been for him.
I don't even know if
what I'm doing is right
because I must be
really fucked, you know?
You gave him $1,000
to get me out of your hair.
He told you that?
I didn't give him
any fucking money.
Do you hear me?
I would not do
that to you.
He's broken and he's
no good to nobody.
Did you get rid of me?
Got tired of
having me around?
I've been looking
for you since you left.
When I saw that note--
I'm so sorry, Luli.
You're all right,
though, baby.
Come on, let's sing one
of them happy songs.
Enough of this.
Come on.
Come on, Luli.
I called Kimball
and found out
that old gomer
made it.
Wouldn't that just be
(Unclear).
Did you lose
something, Luli?
Eddie, put that
thing down.
You going to take her too?
Quit it.
Is that the idea?
That the plan here, Glen?
You take off yourself and then
you leave me with nothing?
What the fuck
do you want from me?
What more could
I do for you?
Well, maybe--
Maybe you ain't leaving.
Come on, Eddie.
How's that, baby?
How does that feel?
It's nice.
Now why don't you just
put that gun down?
The gun is not
the problem here.
Is the gun the problem
for you, Luli?
Look at me.
The gun is not
a problem for me.
It's not about Luli.
Come on.
This gun, touch it.
Feel it.
Stop. Stop that, Eddie.
You put that gun down.
You going to slap
me again?
Come on!
Don't do this.
Don't fucking
touch me!
The gun, this fucking gun,
ain't even loaded. You see?
Oh, my God!
Fuck!
Glen?
Come here.
This is a fucking
accident.
Fuck!
Glenda?
Luli-- We gotta--
We gotta go.
We got--
We gotta get this--
This is a fucking
accident.
We gotta go, Luli.
Actually, I know
a place we can go
where no one will find us.
We'll be like Bonnie and Clyde.
Pow.
I'm sorry.
Now lookit,
I made you some eggs.
Just sit.
There's a secret
to the eggs, you know?
Family secret,
guarded.
Okay.
Please,
humour me.
Okay, now, Luli,
listen to me.
I know firearms.
I know bullets.
I know which
way they go.
I know which way
they don't go.
They didn't give me
this for nothing.
I also know how to make it
look like maybe two people
maybe had a
love-sick quarrel
and maybe they
killed each other.
And I also know how
to make it look
like a third person
was never there.
Poof, never there.
Why?
Because I never should have
set foot out of that cabin
in the first place.
So this is all I got.
Now, would you
please eat
your fluffy, goddamn
delicious eggs?
My sister is the one
that taught me to cook.
She called it
bachelor training.
She lives in LA.
Works at some weird school
where they got
hobbit huts
and everybody
speaks French.
You should look her up.
She'd like you.
She always wanted
a daughter.
Look, I'm not some
kind of charity case.
Oh, I know, independent.
Well, I reckon I best
get you home then.
Hey, where are
you from anyway?
Palmyra, Nebraska.
You know,
it's not so bad.
We got a good
football team.
Yeah, I know.
The bus station is about
two hours down the road.
I'll give you a ride
if that doesn't offend
your sensibilities.
No.
That doesn't
offend me at all.
Mama?
Oh, my God, Luli?
It's Luli.
We've been worried sick,
just sick with this.
Where are you?
When are you coming back?
Tomorrow.
Oh, that is great.
Honey, that is
the best news ever.
Oh, my God, Luli,
you're never going
to believe this.
But I sold it.
I sold it all to Lux,
and now they're going
to build a Walmart
right here in Palmyra.
Mom, the bus drop's down
at Lincoln, 7:00 a.m.
Can you pick me up?
Well, oh, that's a
little early, honey.
Mom, put Daddy
on the phone.
Oh, baby, your daddy,
he never made it back,
so he's gone.
Oh, but, sweetie,
you're going to love Lux.
I mean, yeah, he's a gem
and we're moving, hon.
We're just-- We're moving
on and we're moving up!
Sweetie, do you hear this?
Honey, I can't hear you.
Speak up.
Oh, we're in a bit
of a celebration here,
so it's hard
to hear everything--
I need you to pull
over the bus.
Look, kid, why don't you
go back to your seat?
Look, I'm real sorry and all,
but I'm an epileptic and I--
Now, look,
I can't stop the bus.
Look at me!
If I don't get my medicine,
I'm going to have a sei--
Oh, shit.
You could shake your knuckles at the sky.
You could get mad and say,
"I don't got nothing."
You could get stuck.
You could grab the past
and drag it with you
like a back of rocks.
You could grab that
new diet with grapefruits
and a brand-new
exerciser
and maybe that new and
improved washer-dryer set.
You could grab and grab
and grab and grab
until your fists
turn green.
You could grab
everything you ever wanted.
Shake it.
Try to make it go boom.
Yet you could never,
ever grab enough.
Pow.
That was the end,
back just before I coughed.
It fades out.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org